# spraygun-express

This is a Carbon Five-flavored convenience skeleton project for Express, ideal for building JSON APIs for single-page apps (SPAs).

- Jest and supertest to enable fast TDD
- Dotenv for easy 12-factor config
- ESLint/Prettier with enforcement pre-commit hooks
- Async/await support
- Well-organized for small and medium-sized projects
- Cookie-based JWT auth optimized for easy creation of SPAs
- Best practices for security (helmet, CSRF protection)
- CI testing via Circle CI
- Deployable to Heroku out of the box
- Or deploy via docker using the included Dockerfile

To get started, make sure you have Node and Yarn installed, and then generate your project like this:

```
$ npx spraygun <project-directory> express
```

_Below this line is the README that will accompany your generated project._

---

<!-- END SPRAYGUN BANNER -->

# app-prototype

This is a NodeJS Express app that publishes a JSON API.

## Prerequisites

- Node 8.11.3
- Yarn 1.7.0

## Quick start

Install dependencies:

```
yarn install
```

Start the server:

```
yarn dev
```

Verify it is working by making an HTTP request:

<http://localhost:5000/api/hello>

## Task reference

- **`yarn dev`** starts the Express server listing on port 5000. The server is automatically restarted whenever you make changes.
- **`yarn test`** runs tests in "watch" mode, automatically focusing on tests or code that were modified since the last commit. Press the `a` key after the test runner has started to watch all tests in the project.
- **`yarn test:coverage`** runs all tests, prints coverage stats, and then exits.
- **`yarn lint`** runs all ESLint checks and then exits.
- **`yarn start`** starts the Express server on port 5000 (or `$PORT`, if specified). This task is intended for running the app in deployment in conjunction with `NODE_ENV=production`.

---

_Generated by spraygun-express_
